High school standardized student test results for the 15 schools in the district were analyzed. Overall student count per school, along with budgets per school, were merged into a dataframe to isolate school performance trends. All students, nearly 40,000 students, in the district performed standardized tests in math and reading, contriving an overall pass rate. The school board budget for the year was $24.6 million. 
Overall, only 65% of the students in the district, writ large, passed their standardized tests. Conversely, the findings show that nearly 35% of the students failed their standardized tests. Overall, math scores were lower on the individual basis juxtaposed to the reading scores. The pass rate in math was nearly 11% lower than that of the pass rate in reading. 
The trends show a clear demarcation between charter high schools and district public schools. Charter schools (Cabrera, Thomas, Griffin, Wilson, and Pena High Schools) were the top performing schools in standardized test outcomes. Public district schools (Rodriguez, Figueroa, Huang, Hernandez, and Johnson High Schools) were in the bottom five. In the charter schools, the overall pass rate in standardized tests was >90%, whereas the bottom public high schools had a pass rate just over 50 percent. 
Hernandez (ranked 14th) and Johnson (ranked 15th) were the best funded schools in the district; notwithstanding, their students performed the worst on standardized tests. Moreover, both schools in the bottom ranked in the highest spending ranges per child, meaning that, though well-funded per student, they still ranked in the bottom of the district in standardized test results. 
Meanwhile, the charter schools in the top 5, were generally underfunded when compared to the public high schools. Only one school, Thomas High School, was in the neighborhood of the district public high school funding per child. In fact, there is at least a correlation between lower expenditures per child and high overall scores (and pass rates). The two lowest spending ranges per institution were the top performing schools. In short, money spent per child did not guarantee positive results in math and reading scores—nor did it equate to higher passing rates overall. 
Lastly, the size of the school was analyzed. Small (<1000 students) and medium (1000-2000 students) outperformed large (2000-5000 students) schools in average math scores, average reading scores, the pass rates in math and reading, and the overall pass rate. 

According to this data, the model for successful standardized test results was the following: a charter high school, lower funding per student, and small or medium sized school. Oppositely, the model for unsuccessful results was the following: a public district high school, higher funding per student, and a larger sized school. 
The model of success (or otherwise) must be taken in context, however. Whether or not standardized test accurately discern student knowledge must be weighed separately.

Sources for challenge:
1) Stack Overflow
2) Google
3) Class lectures and activities